fix(domains names):readability and textual updates (#391)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/administrate/domain-names.md

When creating an application, you have two (non-exclusive) choices for domain names:

* Using a personal domain name
* Using a `cleverapps.io` free domain for development and testing purposes, with built-in SSL

Add it in the application configuration: in the console, click **application name** in the first panel, then choose **domain names**. You'll have to choose to add a custom domain name or use a subdomain under `*.cleverapps.io`.

{{< callout type="info" >}}
  You can link one or more domain names to the same application. On the other hand, you can add `mydomain.com/app1` and `mydomain.com/app2` to different Clever Cloud applications at the same time through [path routing](#path-routing).
{{< /callout >}}

## Testing with `cleverapps.io` Domain

{{< callout type="warning" >}}

>   Clever Cloud provides `*.cleverapps.io` domains for development and testing purposes. They point to specific reverse proxies and have the following drawbacks: the `.io` TLD isn't stable, and since we offer the domain, the likelihood of people abusing it can be very high. **It is therefore not possible to guarantee a high level of quality on cleverapps domains**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Clever Cloud provides `*.cleverapps.io` domains for development and testing purposes. They point to specific reverse proxies and have the following drawbacks: the `.io` TLD is not made for production, and since we offer the domain, the likelihood of people abusing it can be very high. **It is therefore not possible to guarantee a high level of quality on cleverapps domains**.
```

>   Clever Cloud provides `*.cleverapps.io` domains for development and testing purposes. They point to specific reverse proxies and have the following drawbacks: the `.io` TLD is not made for production, and since we offer the domain, the likelihood of people abusing it can be very high. **It is therefore not possible to guarantee a high level of quality on cleverapps domains**.

Reviewer 2: Nitpicking challenge accepted

```suggestion
  Clever Cloud provides `*.cleverapps.io` domains for development and testing purposes. They point to specific reverse proxies and have the following drawbacks: the `.io` TLD isn't made for production, and since we offer the domain, the likelihood of people abusing it can be very high. **It's therefore not possible to guarantee a high level of quality on cleverapps domains**.
```
